sx.js: use address instead of signer for ethereum-tx methods (#969)
snapshot-labs/sx-monorepo: .changeset/odd-apples-explain.md

---
"@snapshot-labs/sx": minor
---

> Use `address` instead of `signer` for methods of the ethereum-tx client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `address` instead of `signer` for following methods in Starknet EthereumTx client: `estimateProposeFee`, `estimateVoteFee`, `estimateUpdateProposalFee`, `getProposeHash`, `getVoteHash`, `getUpdateProposalHash`.
```
